# MAT 201A Winter 2016 Final Project 
Junxiang Yao

In my final project, I used processing to create a sound generator which will perform the Inverse Fourier Transform on the spectrum drew by the user. 

Since I didn’t found many sound analyzing library in processing, I decided to use minim. I used the x-axis to present the index of the frequency and the y-axis to present the amplitude. While I drawing the curve, the y-value of the curve while saved in an array which has 1024 elements. 1024 is also the width of the windows generated by the windows. Because in minim library, there is no float number index. And after I finishing drawing the curve, I should press “x”key on the keyboard to performing ifft based on the array I just generated and play this sound. I also changed the amplitude while playing the sound to realize a fade-out effect. 

In the computer vision part, I choose the color tracking strategy to track a color on the screen. Basically, I set a color I want to track first and use two for loops to go through all the pixels on the screen, calculate the RGB value of that pixel and using dist() function to calculate how much the color of that pixel is similar to the color I am tracking and save the position, which is x and y, of the most similar color. To eliminate the interference, which is the similar color in the background, I saved background as an image and compared the color of the pixels on the background with pixels of run-time video. If the difference between two colors is smaller than a threshold, that pixel on the video will be regarded as the background of the video, and I will display black on this pixel.

